fix(docs): updated api doc elastic metal offers MTA-1830 (#483)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/elastic-metal/api-cli/elastic-metal-with-api.mdx

2. Retrieve a list of all operating systems available in the desired Availability Zone. Currently, all Elastic Metal servers are located in the AZ `fr-par-2`: 

    ```
    $ curl https://api.scaleway.com/baremetal/v1/zones/fr-par-2/offers -H "X-Auth-Token: $SCW_SECRET_KEY" | jq . | grep "EM-"
    ```

>     A JSON formatted list with all offer characteristics displays. Take a note of the ID of the offer you want to deploy, as you need it in a later step.

Reviewer: Ce n'est plus une liste JSON mais une liste avec les offres tout simple maintenant
```suggestion
    A list of all available offers displays. Take a note of the ID of the offer you want to deploy, as you need it in a later step.
```

    ```

>      "name": "EM-A210R-SATA",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "name": "EM-A210R-SATA",
```
